see two issues:

No token registered - The app hasn't registered its token with the backend yet
Same old posts - The RSS feeds still show the same old blog/YouTube posts
Let me check both:


Show 2 more

Executed curl -s "https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCff6g5U72C10-bqm_M1a-lw" | head -50

Decided on token registration status (9 seconds)
I found the issues:

Problem 1: App NOT Registering Token
Zero tokens registered - Your app isn't calling the backend to register its push token.

The app needs to call /api/register-token when it starts. Either:

The app didn't get the updated code
There's an error in the app preventing registration
Quick Test: Close the app completely and reopen it. Then tell me if you see any errors.

Problem 2: New Posts Not in RSS Yet
The RSS feeds still show the same old posts:

Blog: Same post from before
YouTube: Latest is still cWxXPVUUB4Q (Nov 27)
YouTube RSS can take 30-60 minutes to update after uploading. The blog RSS might also be cached.

Let's Test With Webhook (Instant):
First, let me manually register a test token and send a webhook notification to verify the system works:


Show 2 more
Checked system logs

Decided on proxy trust setting
I see the token registration works on the backend side. Let me fix a configuration issue, then we can troubleshoot why your app isn't registering:


Show 6 more
Checked system logs

Decided on app registration explanation (4 seconds)
Backend is running. Here's the situation:

Current Status:
Issue	Status
Backend API	✅ Working
Token registration endpoint	✅ Working (I tested it)
Your app registering token	❌ NOT happening
New blog/YT in RSS	❌ Not showing yet
The Problem:
Your app isn't registering its push token with the backend.

When you open the app, it should automatically:

Get its Expo Push Token
Call the backend API to register it
Backend stores the token for sending notifications
This isn't happening. The app needs to be fixed.

Next Steps:
Ask your app developer to check:

Is registerTokenWithBackend() being called when the app starts?
Are there any errors in the app console/logs?
Is the backend URL correct in the app code?
The backend URL should be:

https://e418e926-1b2b-448a-abdf-a3bf17167ade-00-38cbm3g4eaphv.riker.replit.dev:8000

For the RSS feeds: YouTube and blog RSS feeds can take 30-60 minutes to update after you post new content. The webhook is the fastest way to send instant notifications.

Would you like me to help debug the app's token registration issue?